We're now listing out all of our different products on the screen which is great but we need to work
on the styling just a little bit.
So once again we're going to take some HDL and CSF that I put together at a time.
And very quickly merge it into our project and once again this is just some HDL that I threw together
for us just to save us a little bit of time so attached to this video.
Make sure you get the zip file called something like AECOM 0 8 for template.
But then going to extract that and of here this time around we're going to see two JavaScript files
and a JPEG image as well.
So this JPEG image is just a little fun graphic that we're going to display on our home page.
It just has some information about a upcoming sale.
That's pretty much all it does.
There's no purpose to it beyond just a little bit of fun kind of styling kind of stuff.
OK.
So let's get started.
I got to go back over to my editor.
I'm going to find the view's products index not J.S. file.
So here's the stuff that we wrote just a moment ago and then going to open up the index dot J.S. file
by doing a quick drag and drop.
I mean it's like everything inside of here copy it go backwards.
The old version select everything and delete it and paste
Next up we're going to create a layout that is specifically intended for the user or customer facing
side of our product.
You'll notice that the stuff that we just pasted in already has a reference to a layout file that has
up one directory or in other words inside of our route views folder.
So this is going to be a new layout that is very different and very separate than the one that we put
together inside of our admin directory.
So inside of my views folder I'm gonna make a new file called layout not J.S. I'll then go back over
to the files we just downloaded do a drag and drop of layout dot J.S. we should see a doc type each
know inside of here and so on.
So copy all this go over to the new layout his file and paste OK.
Now finally last we need to take care of is that image.
If you open up the products index dot J.S. file which we just kind of messed around with a little bit
and then go on down to this layout section you'll notice that we are showing that image inside of a
directory at images banner dot JPEG.
So that means that our banner dot JPEG that image that we just downloaded there needs to be a images
directory inside of our public folder because remember that public folder is exposed to the outside
world.
So inside of that public directory I'm gonna make a new folder called images then open up that folder.
So here's images right here and I'm going to drag and drop banner dot JPEG over it's now inside my editor
I should see public and inside there there should be an images directory and inside there there should
be a banner dot JPEG OK.
So now we've got this stuff all set up.
Let's go back over to our browser and take a look at what it looks like.
So refresh.
Yeah.
There we go.
So we can see our big list of products right here.
As a reminder I run really far zoomed in so you should see something just little bit closer to this.
Now some of the elements inside of here really are just for fun.
For example up here there's like a phone number and an email there's some social media links on the
top right hand side.
Those links don't do anything and it's not really planned that we're gonna spend any time on that stuff
either.
They're just kind of simulate that hey this is kind of what an e-commerce shop looks like.
Well we can't see a list of all of our different products.
We can see if they have a add to cart button.
We got the title and the price for each one right now clicking on that button of course doesn't really
do anything.
It tries to make a post request but it doesn't have any back in functionality to it.
So again all we just did was include some H T mail and styling to get something looks like this or the
underlying logic in JavaScript side of things still identical to what we had a moment ago OK.
Now we've got this all put together the next kind of obvious thing we need to do is figure out that.
Add to Cart button.
So how are we going to somehow store the different items that a user wants to add to a cart.
How do we remember them.
And then eventually show them on that separate cart page that we eventually need to put together as
well.
Let's start to think about how we're going to approach that from the technical standpoint in just a
moment.